[#154][docs] Add pathPrefix to docs (#466)
streamnative/pulsar-io-cloud-storage: README.md

| `bytesFormatTypeSeparator`      | String  | False    | "0x10"       | It is inserted between records for the `formatType` of bytes. By default, it is set to '0x10'. An input record that contains the line separator looks like multiple records in the output object.                       |
| `pendingQueueSize`              | int     | False    | 100          | The number of records buffered in queue. By default, it is `batchSize * 10`. You can set it manually.                                                                                                                   |
| `useHumanReadableSchemaVersion` | Boolean | False    | false        | Use a human-readable format string for the schema version in the message metadata. If it is set to `true`, the schema version is in plain string format. Otherwise, the schema version is in hex-encoded string format. |
| `skipFailedMessages`            | Boolean | False    | false        | Configure whether to skip a message which it fails to be processed. If it is set to `true`, the connector will skip the failed messages by `ack` it. Otherwise, the connector will `fail` the message.                  |

> | `pathPrefix`                    | String  | False    | false        | If set, stores the output files in a folder under the given bucket path. The pathPrefix must be in the format of `xx/xxx/`.                                                                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `pathPrefix`                    | String  | False    | false        | If it is set, the output files are stored in a folder under the given bucket path. The `pathPrefix` must be in the format of `xx/xxx/`.                                                                                             |
```

| `bytesFormatTypeSeparator`        | String  | False    | "0x10"       | It is inserted between records for the `formatType` of bytes. By default, it is set to '0x10'. An input record that contains the line separator looks like multiple records in the output object.                       |
| `pendingQueueSize`                | int     | False    | 100          | The number of records buffered in queue. By default, it is `batchSize * 10`. You can set it manually.                                                                                                                   |
| `useHumanReadableSchemaVersion`   | Boolean | False    | false        | Use a human-readable format string for the schema version in the message metadata. If it is set to `true`, the schema version is in plain string format. Otherwise, the schema version is in hex-encoded string format. |
| `skipFailedMessages`              | Boolean | False    | false        | Configure whether to skip a message which it fails to be processed. If it is set to `true`, the connector will skip the failed messages by `ack` it. Otherwise, the connector will `fail` the message.                  |

> | `pathPrefix`                      | String  | False    | false        | If set, stores the output files in a folder under the given bucket path. The pathPrefix must be in the format of `xx/xxx/`.                                                                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `pathPrefix`                      | String  | False    | false        | If it is set, the output files are stored in a folder under the given bucket path. The `pathPrefix` must be in the format of `xx/xxx/`.                                                                                           |
```
